    I am implementing topic modeling on Amazon product reviews to identify and prioritize features customers most care about. Developing a new product or service requires knowing what features concern your customer’s attention. You also need to know your customer’s prioritization for these features. However, gaining feedback on a potential product becomes a challenge when you have nothing to put in front of a customer. Analyzing competing products is one way to gauge customer priorities, and part of this analysis can be done by looking at real world feedback from reviews left on Amazon.
    Solutions have been developed before tackling this same challenge. In my research the one most notable project I found akin to what I am doing implemented Gensim (python package) and Mallet (java package) to perform Latent Derilicht Analysis (LDA) topic modeling on a provided data set. 
https://nycdatascience.com/blog/student-works/learning-category-wise-product-features-from-amazon-reviews/
    In this project I will be demonstrating a leaner approach by scraping the data myself, implementing Non-negative Matrix Factorization (NMF) with Scikit Learn, and also performing regression analysis with the clusters outputted by NMF to uncover other possible relationships between the clusters and the rating. None of this may work. Cluster analysis is murky being an unsupervised learning process, and pivots may very likely happen upon gaining new insights into the data.
    Feature identification and prioritization will be helpful for product managers, aspiring entrepreneurs, marketing teams, business leaders, and even customers wanting better insight in comparing purchase options. The gained business intelligence could reshuffle a product development teams’ product development roadmap, product manager’s budget in developing certain features, and marketing’s narrative selling the product. 
    I will be presenting my work in a presentation format, the same as I would to business leaders within a company. The data will come from reviews I scrape from Amazon.com and may be supplemented by a larger dataset if one can be found in an appropriate amount of time. I am anticipating a minimum 10,000 reviews (after cleaning) to assess in this Capstone.
	The most concerning challenge in this project is the underlying assumption that the clusters outputted by NMF will be discernable. Cluster analysis on bodies of text can result in clear relations or could be as scientific as reading tea leaves. If the NMF trials are not worthwhile I plan on pivoting to a supervised classification of the text and interpret the resulting information gained on features as my new prioritizations. 
    Kicking off this project post proposal, I will be building a webscraper to scrape some reviews. While that is scraping I will be searching for supplemental data already collected on Amazon reviews and building a parser to start turning those reviews into a usable dataframe. While that is parsing I will be cleaning the dataframe to prepare it for my models. I will be rotating through these three processes until each is tuned for my own needs slowly building a robust, clean data set. 
